Team Trio of Two :: Joshua Yagupsky, Jonathan Song
APCS
LAB08 --
2022-04-05
time spent: <elapsed time in hours, rounded to nearest tenth>


DISCO


QCC

Activity 1 Questions:
1. Youtube, Twitter, Facebook
2. Your name, personal preferences based on media viewed,
3. Delimited means "separated," referring to how a data file needs to separate different types of data for each object into different categories.
4. You can look through the whole column and see what the objects in that column have in common.
5. Competitive Rubik's cube solving, video game console history
6. What Rubik's cube competition has had the most competitors?
7. For Rubik's cube competitions, the World Cube Association has a database of competitions, which can be found at https://www.worldcubeassociation.org/results/misc/export.html
8. There are 7806 records, which is beneficial because it means our data is less prone to bias and error.
9. By knowing your watch history, Youtube can recommend you more videos you will find interesting.
10. All Rubik's cube competitions are already posted on the WCA website.
11. So long as Youtube keeps its data on our watch histories private, the entertainment benefit is likely worth the risk.
Activity 2 Questions:

1. Cereal
3. public class Cereal
4. 15 instance variables
5. String name, String type, int calories, int protein, int fat, int sodium, double fiber, double carbs, int sugar, int potassium, int vitamins, int shelf, double weight, double cups, double rating.
8. Which of the listed cereals has the highest carbohydrate content?
9. Which of the listed cereals has the highest rating?
10. We could add a rating attribute with an acessor method to our class.

Activity 3 Questions:
1. The temperatur at Atlanta, Hartsfield - Jackson Atlanta International Airport, GA is 66.0F
2. PHTO: The temperature at Hilo, Hilo International Airport, HI is 77.0F
4. 2877
5. We could use latitude or longitude.
6. NSTU: Pago Pago, AS, Samoa
7. What is the westernmost weather station?
8. We would write a getLon() method to return the longitude, and then traverse through the ArrayList to find the westernmost station.
9. We would need one accessor method and would need to slightly modify our loop for the southernMost station.
<Team Trio of Two>'s CSV FLOW:
Our data on Rubik's cube competitions came as a TSV. We imported this into Excel in order to view all the data at once.

TRUBZ
<this lab involves using tools that are likely to introduce hiccups; log any troubleshooting issues here>
